Add note for linux distros with cgroupsv2 not being supported (#1184)
aws/eks-anywhere: docs/content/en/docs/getting-started/install/_index.md

> **_NOTE:_** If you are using Mac OS Docker Desktop 4.4.2 or newer `"deprecatedCgroupv1": true` must be set in `~/Library/Group\ Containers/group.com.docker/settings.json`.

> > **_NOTE:_** Currently newer versions of Ubuntu (21.10) and other linux distributions with cgroupv2 enabled are not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **_NOTE:_** Currently newer versions of Ubuntu (21.10) and other linux distributions with cgroup v2 enabled are not supported.
```
